Morning starts as usually, not much action after the war, night was well spent reading about every-day life before the 100 year war.

All of a sudden Med trix's commanding officer barges into the barracks, turns to me, and tells me.
"You have been assigned to a new company. Go to Griffin station, one already waits you."

I get my things, shuffle the last of it to my bag of holdings and go to ride a Griffin, noone really
explained what is going on, but this is millitary, so this is normal. Soon my ride joins a bunch of
other Griffins, Duke himself is also there, hmm, an important mission, I think to myself.
Half of the company doesn't seem to be millitary though. Finally we get to a middle of fuck where village and
land bit off the center square. Apparently the mission is to capture another Duke from house Orion.

The company I was assigned to... apparently private mercenary group which calls itself Toolshed group. I never quite
understood who is leading it, but from the first impressions they seem nice and intelligent beings. They have a contract
nerd Loophole, curious Hans, a little bit everywhere Zaelia, some kind of sneaky psychic called Zilas and finally a
mighty warrior with a polearm named Eyes.

After we got debriefed to the situation, we split the company, Zaelia with me supporting him from the bag of holding
went to inflitrate a tavern and a crowd in front of it, while the rest stayed and watched us from a building nearby.

So, waiting for the signal to react, I am reading some books that Hans provided me, when finally the bag opens. Thats
my signal. I jump out and what do I see? One warrior friend of us is already being smashed by seems to be hostile
warforged, another warforged charges me, Zaelia is nowhere to be seen, well, I guess this is fight time. The fight
lasted perhaps half a minute, where I witnessed Warforged just dropping without any visible injuries, one warforged
trying to crawl away in fear while being in a pool of grease, what a disgraceful sight, and our warrior friend got beat
up real good.

Right as the fight ends the Duke arrives with reinforcements, but we have left nothing for them to do. We discuss
our situation and quickly realise that the time for subtle infiltration is long passed. We get 4
additional warforged from Duke Alder and just barge into the tavern, it is empty, noone to be found. We check the
basement, where we find a tunnel of sorts. That tunnel definitely spans longer distance way further than the taverns
premises. Inside the tunnel we experience a trap, which seems to trigger with the weight of 2 of us. Ok, we carry on
in a line until we get to a juncture, carry on, or turn right? Turn right, and all of a sudden bolts start flying
towards us from a door further down the hall. We lose one and retreat and rethink our approach. We decide to turn my bag
of holding and Zilas's crossbow into a assault tactic tool. Me and one other war forged go inside and the bolt flyes us
to the door, the idea, to jam the holes where the bolts are shot through. Little did we know, that everything is about
to go so much worse.