
1. Just let me be restless in peace, please!

2. If you're smart, but let stupid people make decisions for you, you ain't smart.


Blog ideas

1. Eesti kontekst, mida tähendab meie jaoks läänestumine? Mida importida USA-st ja mida mitte

2. Ratsionaalsusest mõtlemine poliitikas, kas Merkel tegi kõik valesti?

3. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0iCHZzNmT08 , tunne, mis on peavool, ja tegelikkus võivad olla erinevad asjad.
Comment sectionit ei saa usaldada tegeliku pildi saamiseks. Demokraatliku ühiskonnana on oluline aru saada, milline on
tegelik läbilõige.

TTRPG video ideed

1. What is the purpose of rules in TTRPG in general.

Why do we need rules in TTRPG. Let's start by imaging, how would we play a TTRPG without them. We would still choose
to play some characters, I guess if there are no rules then each of us could play more than one. We would still describe
what our characters want to do and what they do and what happens. So what happens when 2 players want opposing things
to happen in this fictional reality? Ha, so here is the first reason we need rules. Conflict resolution. Conflict
between players, conflict between what the player characters do and what makes
sense in the game world shared by the players, or when there is a GM eventually, then between the game-world that he has
imagined.

Ok, so we need a rule to resolve conflicts, let's make it simple, a coin flip. Ok, now we have a basic conflict
resolution. But now we have another problem. How do you avoid unbalanced coin flips. Where one of the outcomes is
not proportionate to the other outcome, or how do you decide, whose conflicts do you resolve first? The latter you could
still solve simply. You could say, there are turns and at each turn you can initiate one action, and you can contest one
action, and players initate their action clockwise starting from player X. The first problem however does not have a
simple solution. To solve that you would need to start assigning some kind of value, to everything in the imaginery
world. And when you do that, you pretty much have a complicated game sort of.

It is important to understand, that there are people out there, who could play the game without rules, they would follow
some social norms, of letting each other have a turn, hold themselves back and self-regulating in the sense of what
makes sense, what is plausible, not try to get to the center of attention, basically being super pro social.

But in the high fantasy setting, where players want to be heroes, where the heroes aim to overcome some big obstacle,
challange, evil, problem or what not, there are few things, I believe are fundamental to that game, so called  the
pillars:

a. Players want to go all out! they want to push the limits, and they want to get the maximum out of their characters.
Since self-regulation is not an option in this case, they need to be regulated by rules, FROM OUTSIDE themselves. Rules
that would validate their effort or give them feedback of what they missed, where they failed, encouraging them to push
even harder.

b. Players don't want it to be handed to them! While players want more power for their characters, to grow them, to
achieve their goals and agendas, they don't
want it to be handed to them. They want to feel like they earnt it, by making decisions, the right ones. It is the
process of sense making that is the fun part, rules together with GM are there to validate that sense making, albeit
in a fantasy world, which does not make directly sense in the real world.

c. Setbacks are engaging! Now players want actively for things to go their way, but when they don't due to the game
rules, it engages them, the frustration gives value to the successes of the future. It pushed players to come up with
better schemes and ideas. Plus we enjoy prolonging satisfaction we get from finally achieving our goals.

d. The imaginery game world should feel solid! Because we hate arbitrariness. We all like order, one way or another. It
comes back to our desire to make sense.
In order to do that, we need a foundation, we need solid grounds, this is what the rules should provide.

e. To sum it up: we are all in a journey of negotiating sense making. Rules arbitrate this sense making, they decide the
pace of progress, judge the quality of our problem-solving, they give us the constraints, that give meaning to the
things we can do.

Alright, so now that we have established what we want from the rules, what are some of the no nos that we would like to
avoid?

a. Complicated rules, albeit unavoidable to a certain degree, 2 rulesets which provide for the pillars equally well, the
one, which is less complicated, meaning it takes less time to read the rules, it takes less time to understand the
rules, to track the rules, and to follow to rules, is a better ruleset.

b. Too many constraints, we want freedom. Albeit constraint is necessary, you don't need to constraint everything?
For example, there is no need for a player to play a smart magic wielding Orc, to be an outlier, yes it has story
ramifications, but as long as his smartness is constrained by the game rules and on par with the smartness achievable by
other races, there is no reason to constrain it, as it does not violate any of the 5 pillars.
Only add minimal constraint, and only do so provide for the pillars.

c. Seriousness. This is still a game, this is still a fantasy game where there is magic, which we play to escape, where
we can explore things we cannot explore else where. The ability to do so is not provided by the rules, but it sure as
hell can be denied by the rules. And to this, I say NO! More-over the rules should encourage creativity, exploration,
for players to participate in making the game-world feel alive, a bit wild, tiny bit crazy, just enough to not disrupt
the solidness of it.

So to summarize, there are certain pillars, that the rules provide for a fantasy TTRPG experience, where players are the
heroes in the story: Players want to come up with wild, crazy and powerful shit, that makes sense, they want their
sense making to be fairly validated, but don't mind setbacks. Instead they make the game only more engaging and the
eventual positive conclusion even more enjoyable and they want the world to feel solid, that there exists sense, which is
possible to be made. And the rules must do all that while at the same time be as easy to use as possible, to provide as
much freedom to players as possible and finally to still feel like a game people would gladly escape to. This is the
ideal, at least for me, but this ideal, is really hard to achieve. I've been working in my free time on a TTRPG ruleset
for over a year now, and I have play-tested it a few times, I can tell you that it is not even close to achieving all of
it. Though I do believe I have some interesting ideas, that might help make some progress compared to what is existing
in the scene currently.


2. Xd6 dice system, what I tried to achieve with them, some interesting properties and nuances.

Imagine, each player has 6 d6s. They roll them, but you don't sum anything. Instead, these 6 dice become your action
economy. You want to move, you spend one of them, you want to attack and deal damage to an enemy with your dagger, you
need to spend 2 dice that rolled a 2. If you want to attack them with your sword, spend 2 dice that rolled a 4. You
want to cast a fireball, you need to spend 4 sixes.

First thought of course is, that isn't the odds really bad in this case? Out of the box, yes, they are terrible. Getting
even 2 specific numbers is around 25 %, if you need 3, then it is 6 %, and it goes much worse from there on. But this
can be fixed by proficiency, which is a normal thing in TTRPGs. Suppose I have 1 proficiency with daggers. In this case
I can nudge one dice by 1, so turn a 1 into 2 or 3 into 2. Firstly the odds go up to 63 % for 2 dice. If I want to do
something more difficult with the dagger, then one proficiency will not cut it, but by getting one more proficiency,
and be able to do 1 more nudge, it will again, become much more plausible.

To give you an idea of the range of the proficiencies I have in mind then in my current rules, players can normally have
proficiencies from 1 to 4, and some special feats can increase them to 5.

So what have we achieved with this system?

1. All the dice players commit to actions, make the actions succeed. So if it is players turn, they never have empty
turns. They may not be able to do whatever they want, but they do get to do something.
This makes the combat, or story always progress, in some direction.

2. We don't need extra rules for action economy. Both the action economy and the resolution are decided by the same
system

3. Yes, the system is a bit more complex than rolling a d20, but it makes up some of it by players not having to spend
time to add numbers, which takes often much more time than needed.

4. It still has randomness, but instead of randomness determining weather you succeed, it dictates what you can do.

5. This creates interesting character build options, because while many games specializing made always sense,
because you would always do the action, which has the best
odds of biggest returns, and the odds of this return hardly ever changed, then in this system it makes sense to have
some proficiency in multiple things, which require different dice targets, preferable somewhat apart from each other.
You may have dagger as your primary skill, but maybe you are also invested a bit in elemental magic, and every once in
a while when you roll a lot of fives and sixes, you do a few nudges and you cast a fireball. You do it less often than
a mage who is fully specialized in it, but you can do it sometimes, and those times it is still an awesome fireball.
This is actually one of the properties that got me excited to even explore this system further. It kind of solves the
problem where "over specialization is just so strong that it cuts a whole-bunch of builds from an optimization point
from the discussion".

But we are not done, the rabbit hole goes even deeper. So, there are some basic actions in my game, like in other TTRPGs
, move and defend. How move works, is that you can spend any dice, but you get to move as many squares as was stated
on the dice. So fives and sixes are all of a sudden very valuable for moving.

Defend action recovers your defend points, which is a buffer for your health and the maximum is determined by your armor
and shield and feats. Defend action requires 2 twos. This is from the lower end of dice rolls.

By having these basic actions defined like that, then the choice of the dice, two for dagger, 5 for two handed sword,
it actually already gives some meaning. Using a dagger does not constrain you to move a lot. While fighting with a
two handed sword allows you to have a better defensive posture. The numbers in the six sided dice start to get a
meaning. It is no longer that 6 is always better than 1, no, they have a different wibe to it. Things that require
big numbers force you to stand more still, while things that require lower numbers leave you more vulnerable to damage.

Ok, so far we have discussed how it would work in combat, and that is where I started with this system. But what about
out of combat. Actually, it turns out, it works very well out of combat as well. You could use the dungeon turns system
to have everyone roll their 6d6 at the start of the dungeon turn, and whatever they want to do, they need to commit some
dice to it. And you as the DM can decide the roll targets for various successes. Even outside of dungeon you could say,
ok, we are travelling for a week, during travelling we want to do foraging to save rations, guard our camp to not get
ambushed, chat with other travellers on the road and learn rumors, and at the same time make haste. Well, you can simply
say, ok, these are the roll targets and skills, which proficiency can be used for these activities, who is doing what,
and how many dice you can commit to a task? Based on that the success of the task is determined. Oh, you want to make
haste and learn rumors at the same time, well, they both take fives, so how are you going to play it? Maybe they do have
enough dice for both roll targets, then you as a GM, can decide how it made sense, maybe they met some travellers with
extra horses, who they liked the party, so they rode fast, and chat on the way?

Right now I am in the phase where I am testing different "techniques" for out of combat scene management. Scene being
the turn equivalent out of combat. More on that in the next video.


3. Story scenes, how the Xd6 dice system interacts with it, techniques: constraint, stepped unlocking, pushing with
stakes.

4. Lore mechanics, diplomacy mechanics, skills, should skills have different mechanics? Deeper diplomacy game?

5. Power, stakes, prices, costs, loss, win, challange, why does it feel like it conflicts with role playing?

6. Character customization, why I ended up with paths.

