Hey, I'm Indrek Klanberg, estonian, european, concerned citizen, I think about politics.

Every once in a while, I find myself having spent too much time watching videos or reading news articles about US politics, or channels from US talking about things going on in Europe,
and then I think, hey, it's OK to care what is going on there, but shouldn't it be more sensible that I follow more what is going on in Europe, EU. I may be under US security umbrella
so to speak, but at the end of the day I am EU citizen, and I do identify myself as EU citizen, not european, which I am too, but I identify as EU citizen. And as such I am a 
participant in the European peace project, which
EU is, at least that is the best part about EU, the deep understanding, that the centuries of wars between European actors, we must get past that, and it has no place in a modern,
post-industrialized world.

So anyways, I am looking for some sources about EU politics, can't find any, no juicy pod casts, no political youtube channels in english, there perhaps are some in german, or french,
but what to do if I can't understand these languages to enough extent. All I could find was very main stream close to the core of power, or are simply stating obvious stuff.
Only reasonable mind I have found, is pretty much Vlad Vexler, and he is in UK and EU is a very side note in his videos, though his take on democratic decline is something to think
about.

What am I missing 

So, what I want, is a conversation about why is there a certain, significant levels of demoralization, a solemn acceptance of powerlessness and inevitability that there is going to
be some sort of collapse, either collapse of democracy, EU, West in general, Global institutions, whatever. And why this discourse around that is so impotent, so much of it can be
summarized by a simple "Here's why things are broken, and fucked up, we recognise that it's fucked up, and we don't know what to do about it, but just to bitch about it".

Secondly, I want a conversation, about how to overcome this demoralization, how to think about the struggles and hardships, how to approach them in a constructive manner, and
how to find power and faith in yourself and others.

Thirdly I want a more serious conversation about how to build a rational mind, that is more easily accessible to all the potential listeners, and not just to some intellectual elite,
who have too much free time.

I truely have tried to find someone to offer these conversations, probably they have been swallowed up by the algorithm and so they haven't surfaced enough, 
to make them easy to find, but perhaps those listening, can suggest some sources. Until then, I will give it a try to get this conversation started.

First of all, I am personally not demoralized, I do not think that the collapse of Western democracies in any of it's forms is inevitable. In addition, I do think that the demoralization
itself makes it more likely, as one of the dumbest scenarios for it to happen is when everyone agree, that they cannot do anything about that, and prevent the few simple minded
activists to convince them otherwise. Even when a collapse doesn't happen, such impotent attitudes can still cause harm and prevent us from having a more positive, alternative future.

Instead, of trying to explaing what is going on around us, or trying to predict, what some world leader or another is going to do. Or try to predict or put into words the trends in
the society. This itself would be guess work, speculation, and I think we are trying to do this too much. I think too many smart, charismatic, people with potential to perhaps even
lead, have gone down this path. I think we are trying to much to speculate about what everyone else are going to do, that we have forgotten to ask the most fundamental question.
What am I going to do? How am I going to cope with all this? What is the world I vision, that is worth fighting for, getting up in the morning for, shedding blood and tears for.
Who can I share this vision with? Who can I cooperate, work with towards it? What should be my posture 