Puffed up Aundair mages, transporting peeps in bag of holding, old friends arrive unexpectentely. Pompous mages first
are too scared to come, then insist they should come instead of that Lorey from Thran.

Careful clink clink forward, we find the lair of Varis of Orion, there is a Humberhulk. And figure out how powerful it
is and that it was used to dig those tunnels.

Zelia pretends to be Varis and convinces Humberhulk that he is his master. We search the room and find a letter that
portrais our paladin friend to be a traitor. A struggle pursues, but we end up deciding that this letter is fake.

We loot some more, and then decide that the Humberhulk must be dealt with, so we pull him back and Elliot plans to
turn it into stone so that we could quickly go and help others.

[intro]
This is toolshed group (aa yeah), we gotta have some deadly curiosity (no shit)

[rapping Verse 1]
We start out, (yeah), reverse memory lane, (ok?)
Split party in caves, with crawl space,
for one half, ling, expert of dig-ging, (aa yeah),
bring that party together, cha ching,
Get those mages deep inside the tunnels, No? they resist, what gives?
This job too low for these kings! (fuck them!)
Instead, a true king, in spirit, leads by example,
Loop Hole, out of depth, with fear inside,
Let's himself be bagged, be brough down beneath, (the earth)
Not to his grave, but simple cave, with eyes, brought unpeace,
as he uncovers, the gate that we craveled, from another place,
out of our time and space,
some creature has been brought, for us to unravel, shi-it! (oh damn)

[Chorus]
Why is Varis, doing this monstrosity? (monstrosity!)
Why is peace, considered, a crazy audacity? (audacity!)
What are the schemes, pushing this steady atrocity? (atrocity!)
You wanna know? You gotta have! Deadly, curiosity! (DEADLY!!! CURIOSITY!!!)

[interlude]
[rapping Verse 2]
With party together, we move out, up to the tunnel, (aa yeah)
carefully, try to sneak, more like a rumble, (cling cling)
A jumble of pushes, hiding a wall, we hear some mumble,
Of a creature, it turns out, Chitin hulking Umber! (Umber hulk! Aa yeah!)
It's Eyes who braves beasts eyes, skipping seconds,
Heart still beats, we take turns, staring it's gaze,
frozen, unaware, teasing that creature, like food,
making it rage, beware, as we run, regroup, come up with a plan, (not really)
In the meanwhile, Xaelias meets old friends, who join, the pompous mages,
All surprised, to see, one another in these, tumorous cages (PAM PAM)
It's Elliot, hiding her snake face, (so deadly)
Lorei, wounded  still keeping pace, (so steady)
And Loric, ready to ace, any tune with grace, (be ready)

[Chorus]
Why is Varis, doing this monstrosity? (monstrosity!)
Why is peace, considered, a crazy audacity? (audacity!)
What are the schemes, pushing this steady atrocity? (atrocity!)
You wanna know? You gotta have! Deadly, curiosity! (DEADLY!!! CURIOSITY!!!)

[instrumental bridge]

[interlude]
[rapping Verse 3]
It's Zelia's act, dress up like Varis, command that beast, (Umber hulk! Aa yeah!)
almost get chop chopped, but succeed, search that room,
just to find, half-burned, a letter, minds go boom,
Tie down Lorei, think, tank, it's what we expect the least! (Is he?)
Careful analyzes reveals, it's a scheme, like a yeast (Is he not?)
We calm down, focus on the Hulk, we make a plan, to win time,
Turn that hulk into a bulk of stones, get positions, pull it back,
Don't look, stomp stomp, what's going on? stomp stomp, patience, we lack,
A sneaking peak, a deadly gaze, grazed in a competition of eyes (Oh shit???)
[shouting Verse 4]
Zelia is DEAD!! (dead dead dead dead)
Petrified, and put to BED!! (dead dead dead dead)
With face of Varis, he is STONE DEAD!!
[sudden outro]
