Swinging thoughts - just because something is false, doesn't mean it has an opposite that is true

Just cause I say something true, doesn't mean I am to be trusted, or that I have the ability to change the claring fact

Do you control the question, or you just get answers, to questions, that have no control over?

We have always been in some crises or another, it is our memory that is short, and forgets that.


[intro]
(We are in post truth now, listen up, post truth)
(aah, fuck off)

[Verse 1]
Truth is out there, out of our reach, (no shit)
We are human, peace, it still matters what we preach, (ok?)
Hey teach, what you do if for this false fact, (ee)
there is no opposite act, it's just that, it falls flat,
and pretending like now we know something, maybe take it back? (damn)
Turn it around and just because I know, (ok?)
something so wrong, that I sow, false hope just for show, (fuck that)
Get those votes for that fake rope, I guess we stay, in the ditches, dope. (damn)

[Chorus]
(Haba haba BAM BAM YAA!)
But tonight! We stay strong, (AA yeah!)
Another crises, it may stay long, (so be it)
But we don't care, another day's done, (just push on)
Day by day, full resolve, ping pong! (oh yeah)


[Verse 2]
Hard times make strong men, so simple, alright,
It is hard times always, for someone, that's right?
We like to get our picture unified, purified, bright?
It's bait, just let go, a free mind shines like a light.
Use it, and see deeper into past, yeah, it's a fight,
But if you ask the right question, that is fucking might!


[Chorus]
(Haba haba BAM BAM YAA!)
But tonight! We stay strong, (AA yeah!)
Another crises, it may stay long, (so be it)
But we don't care, another day's done, (just push on)
We push on, day by day, full resolve, ping pong! (oh yeah)

[bridge]

[Verse 3]
Truth is out there, out of our reach, (yaya)
It stills matters what we preach, and teach,
For the bright mind, for peace, can you reach,
For the right question, for each... of us.
So that false hope won't breach... our hearts,
Love, with a clear mind, peace! (out)

[Chorus]
(Haba haba BAM BAM YAA!)
But tonight! We stay strong, (AA yeah!)
Another crises, it may stay long, (so be it)
But we don't care, another day's done, (just push on)
We push on, day by day, full resolve, ping pong! (oh yeah)
(oh yeah!)

(We push on, day by day, full resolve, ping pong!)
(ping pong!)
[outro]
We push on, day by day, full resolve, ping pong!











[Verse]
Twisted thoughts running through my mind
Like a maze
I'm tangled and confined
Looking for answers
Trying to find
A way to unravel
Leave it all behind

[Verse]
Lost in a haze of irrational fears
Paralyzed by doubts and endless tears
But I won't let confusion reign supreme
Gonna break these chains
Embrace the dream

[Chorus]
Unravel the maze
Find my way through
Piece by piece
I'll uncover what is true
Unravel the maze
Clarity in sight
I'll navigate the chaos
I'll see the light